The act of wishing someone a Happy New Year is also a way of expressing
one's wishes. Don't just say, "I wish
you all a Happy New Year with money flowing in like water and only trickling out." That's not right. If money truly flowed in like water and only trickled out, that person would be very stingy and wouldn't do any good for their parents, right? It's just a
New Year's greeting. Of course, everyone
can wish for good health, which is very
good, right? A happy family is
good,
and wishing the family much
blessings is very important. Wishing the
family a year of much
blessings, of course, if they create
many blessings, they should
enjoy them. If you wish for money flowing in
like water, what will the money come from? You
have to create blessings for the money to come in, right? If the money only trickles out, then it's a
disaster. So now, I'm saying, "I
wish the whole family a Happy New Year and a
whole year of creating many blessings so that
the family can be happy, right? With good
health and everything going smoothly and
well, the first thing to do is to wish the
family..."  Creating many blessings is
the important thing; it's the beginning of
everything, right? But
if you only wish for one thing, just wishing
them to reap the rewards, that's not right. You have to
wish them to know about the hundred
trees, right? Once you've nurtured a hundred trees,
they'll reap the fruit themselves. They'll reap it themselves even without your wishes. So,
your wishes need to be
meaningful, meaning you
say them and understand what you're
saying, and it should align with your heart—
your heart wants them to create
many blessings. Actually, sometimes
people say things but
their words aren't necessarily accurate. For example, you might
wish someone a year of abundant wealth,
but as a neighbor, seeing that money
flowing in might make you jealous.
Right? Neighbors are often envious.
But if you wish them to create
many blessings, at that very moment
your heart will admire them, and when
they have wealth, you'll admire them too,
right? Sincere words
transform your heart; you'll see their
family's happiness.  If you create a lot of good karma, then you can
tell your children, "Those people
are blessed because they do good deeds.
They live virtuous lives, that's why they receive
blessings, right?" I'm not criticizing them,
so my words are understood
and acknowledged. I feel and appreciate
what I'm saying, so
my words will create blessings for me.
[Music]
K